ah what's up guys visit here and welcome
to a huge video my channel and this is a
full on in the FIFA 15 Ultimate Team
card concept video including every
single card that can be on an S
installment of the FEMA franchise this
is a huge video this will be such a long
time to make and I would really really
appreciate guys who here if you can
leave a like because this card this
probably took me about like eight hours
nine - nine eight hours of ten hours to
make every single card which you will
see now in studio it takes a long time
to resize it then to make a little
tweaks and changes for every single card
so I've really appreciated believe it if
you could leave a like guys because it
really really helps and deer was shot it
was all worth it so as always guys I'm
trying to set some musical backgrounds I
don't think you wanna hear my voice in a
video but yeah as always guys enjoy the
rest of the video